1 It's a poor sort of memory that only works backwards. -- Lewis Carroll
2 No matter how long we exist, we have our memories. Points in time which time itself cannot erase. Suffering may distort my backward glances, but even to suffering, some memories will yield nothing of ther beauty or their splendor. Rather they remain as hard as gems. -- Anne Rice
3 Remembering is a noble and necessary act. The call of memory, the call to memory, reaches us from the very dawn of history. No commandment figures so frequently, so insistently, in the Bible. It is incumbent upon us to remember the good we have received, and the evil we have suffered. -- Elie Wiesel
4 Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important. -- Steve Jobs
5 Everybody's a mad scientist, and life is their lab. We're all trying to experiment to find a way to live, to solve problems, to fend off madness and chaos. -- David Cronenberg
6 Each kid has a different level of expertise and some of them are very raw and inexperienced and some are incredibly mature and experienced. So you just have to go with what they are rather than have some abstract technique that you're going to try to apply to them. -- David Cronenberg
7 Most people have too exalted an idea of what art must be to connect any impulse to create with delivering themselves. -- David Cronenberg
8 I like libraries. It makes me feel comfortable and secure to have walls of words, beautiful and wise, all around me. I always feel better when I can see that there is something to hold back the shadows -- Roger Zelazny
9 Occasionally, there arises a writing situation where you see an alternative to what you are doing, a mad, wild gamble of a way for handling something, which may leave you looking stupid, ridiculous or brilliant -you just don't know which. You can play it safe there, too, and proceed along the route you'd mapped out for yourself. Or you can trust your personal demon who delivered that crazy idea in the first place. Trust your demon. -- Roger Zelazny
10 I pay taxes, which means I work for the government, part of the time. Yes. -- Roger Zelazny
11 But with my last film, Spider it was agony. The money was always disappearing, nobody got paid, it was very difficult - and it's very distracting from the process of making the movie, of course. So I think things have been getting harder and harder. -- David Cronenberg
12 The Edge... there is no honest way to explain it because the only people who really know where it is are the ones who have gone over. -- Hunter S. Thompson
13 The Hell's Angels try not to do anything halfway, and anyone who deals in extremes is bound to cause trouble, whether he means to or not. This, along with a belief in total retaliation for any offense or insult, is what makes the Hell's Angels unmanageable for the police and morbidly fascinating to the general public. -- Hunter S. Thompson
14 I have never believed much in luck, and my sense of humor has tended to walk on the dark side. -- Hunter S. Thompson
15 Rush Limbaugh is a lame professional swine, and he makes a good living at it. He is like a hired geek in some traveling backwoods carnival - the freaks who bite the heads off chickens - but Limbaugh is a modernized geek who thinks he can bite the heads off of people. -- Hunter S. Thompson
16 I don't think that my kind of journalism has ever been universally popular. It's lonely out here. -- Hunter S. Thompson
17 America... just a nation of two hundred million used car salesmen with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable. -- Hunter S. Thompson
18 When I was young I thought that money was the most important thing in life; now that I am old I know that it is. -- Oscar Wilde
19 Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth. -- Oscar Wilde
20 Our ambition should be to rule ourselves, the true kingdom for each one of us; and true progress is to know more, and be more, and to do more. -- Oscar Wilde
21 Most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one's mistakes. -- Oscar Wilde
22 The lack of money is the root of all evil. -- Mark Twain
23 Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. -- Scott Adams
24 I argue in this paper that we are on the edge of change comparable to the rise of human life on Earth. -- Vernor Vinge
25 When I began writing science fiction in the middle '60s, it seemed very easy to find ideas that took decades to percolate into the cultural consciousness; now the lead time seems more like eighteen months. -- Vernor Vinge
26 Movie directors, or should I say people who create things, are very greedy and they can never be satisfied... That's why they can keep on working. I've been able to work for so long because I think next time, I'll make something good. -- Akira Kurosawa
27 Man is a genius when he is dreaming. -- Akira Kurosawa
28 When you're in the muck you can only see muck. If you somehow manage to float above it, you still see the muck but you see it from a different perspective. And you see other things too. That's the consolation of philosophy. -- David Cronenberg
29 Censors tend to do what only psychotics do: they confuse reality with illusion. -- David Cronenberg
30 Alfred Hitchcock once told me, when I was analyzing a lot of things about his pictures, 'Clint, you must remember, it's only a movie.' -- Clint Eastwood
31 I've never understood the cult of Hitchcock. Particularly the late American movies... Egotism and laziness. And they're all lit like television shows. -- Orson Welles
32 I never thought I was doing the same thing as directors like John Carpenter, George Romero, and sometimes even Hitchcock, even though I've been sometimes compared to those other guys. We're after different game. -- David Cronenberg